The peace that I need is inside me.
I will honor my need to rest and recharge. 
I am loved and worthy.
I love and approve of myself.
I am compassionate and kind to myself and others.
I am responsible for myself, and I start there.
I have the power to change.
I have the power to create a life I love.  
I feel love emanating from within me.
I am capable of achieving my goals.
I am capable of achieving my goals.
My body is beautiful in this moment and at its current size.
I am allowed to feel good.
I choose to release the past
I replace my anger with understanding and compassion.
I am confident and secure in myself.
I visualize myself moving freely and comfortably.
My weirdness is wonderful.
I will allow myself to rest when my body needs it. 
I do all things in love.
There is something in this world that only I can do. That is why I am here.
I have the smarts and the ability to get through this.
I am not defined by my worries; I am defined by my strength.
My feelings deserve names, deserve recognition, deserve to be felt.
I always make it through these tough moments.
I am in complete charge of planning for my future.
My body knows how to heal itself, and I support it with patience and care.
Today will be a gorgeous day to remember.
My body knows how to naturally regulate itself, and I am safe.
I release tension and invite healing into every cell of my body.
I am worthy of love just for being who I am.
I lovingly embrace all aspects of myself.
I am creating a life I love.
I do not rise and fall for another.
I can excel in everything I do
I embrace change seamlessly and rise to the new opportunity it presents.
My heart is open to helpfulness from myself and from others.
Every decision I make is supported by my whole and inarguable experience.
I matter
I am in control of my feelings and my reactions.
I am making a difference in the world.
I make time to care for myself and I prioritize myself
I choose to see the light that I am to this world.
I face challenges with courage and wisdom.
I love and approve of myself. 
I am joyous, creative & playful.
I have the power to make an impact
I breathe in “love”, and exhale “this.”
With each breath, I am grounding myself in the reality of the present.
I am full of energy and optimism.
Each social interaction is an opportunity for growth and connection.
I have come farther than I would have ever thought possible, and I’m learning along the way.
The power to create strong and healthy relationships is within me.
I am healthy in mind, body, and spirit.
I deserve to live a happy and healthy life.
I deserve information and I deserve moments of silence, too.
I release worry and embrace peace.
I seek out mystery in the ordinary.
I strive for joy, not for perfection.
I do not rush through my life, I temper speed with stillness.
I focus on positive thoughts and invite healing energy into my body.
There is peace in changing your mind when it is done in love.
I am worthy
I am letting go of what no longer serves me well.
I breathe in healing, I exhale the painful things that burden my heart.
I take things one day at a time. 
I release the fears that do not serve me.
Words may shape me, but they do not make me. I am here already.
I am more than my circumstances dictate.
I am enough, just as I am.
I deserve to love and be loved
I am at peace with who I am.
My feelings of loneliness will pass.
I am well-rested and excited for the day.
There are people in my life who want to support me.
I welcome the wisdom that comes with growing older.
I am complete as I am, others simply support me.
I release tension from my body, and I am at ease.
I am valued and helpful.
I extend myself compassion, as I do for others.
I can find peace in the midst of my loneliness.
I am making progress.
I nurture my body, my mind, and my spirit.
I choose to let go of what I cannot control and focus on the present.
I am open to new experiences.
I nurture my body with love and compassion and honor its needs.
I have the power to change my story. 
I will not allow what is stressing me out to ruin my entire day.
I am peaceful and whole.
I draw from my inner strength and light.
I have everything I need to succeed.
Today is a great day to be alive.
I am surrounded by positivity and light.
I will hold onto hope.
I have as much brightness to offer the world as the next person.
When I root into the earth, the earth rises to support me.
I will be gentle and nurture myself as I navigate this journey.
Asking for help is a sign of self-respect and self-awareness.
I deserve time for myself by tending to my own needs without guilt or apology.
I love my family even if they do not understand me completely.
I am strong, and I can face challenges with courage and grace.
I am capable of amazing things
When I speak my needs, I receive them abundantly.
I grow towards my interests, like a plant reaching for the sun.
I breathe in trust, I exhale doubt.
I believe in myself and my abilities.
There is no end destination on this self-love journey.
I kindly ask for help and guidance if I cannot see a better way.
I offer a unique and beautiful perspective because of my life experiences.
I release all attachments to what no longer serves me.
I leave room in my life for spontaneity.
My sadness does not define me; it encourages me to take care of myself.
I am allowed to ask for what I want and what I need.
I can be soft in my heart and firm in my boundaries.
I choose to find hopeful and optimistic ways to look at this.
I love myself, and so I set boundaries.
Wonderful things unfold before me.
My perspective is unique and important.
I embrace rest and allow my body the time it needs to heal.
Letting go creates space for opportunities to come.
I release the need to be perfect and embrace my authentic self.
I respect myself
I celebrate the good qualities in others and myself.
I have a gift for making the ordinary extraordinary.
I invite abundance and a generous heart.
I choose to live a rich and beautiful life.
I am proud of all I have accomplished.
I am allowed to feel sad.
I focus only on what I can change
My life choices only need to make sense to me.
I am confident and outgoing
I release the fear of judgment and embrace my authentic self.
Changing my mind is a strength, not a weakness.
I will not settle for less than I deserve
I learn & grow from all my experiences.
I trust myself to make the best decision for me.
I believe in myself.
I am connected to the world around me.
I make time to experience grief and sadness when necessary.
I am good at what I do
Each day brings me closer to complete recovery.
I choose to fully participate in my day.
I am generous with my time & energy.
I radiate positive energy and vitality. 
I inspire others
I am grateful for another day to make a positive impact.
Prioritizing myself is productive.
I am surrounded by love and support.
I am courageous, and I stand up for myself. 
I was created for greatness
There is room for me at the table.
I respect the cycle of the seasons.
I have the power to accomplish anything
Every challenge is an opportunity for me to learn and grow.
My thoughts are my reality so I think up a bright new day.
I radiate joy and positivity.
I trust that I can handle whatever comes my way
There is no limit to what I can or will achieve.
I am allowed to prioritize my happiness.
I release anxiety about what others think of me and focus on being true to myself.
I deserve the best
I am proud of myself
I am focusing on what’s most important to me.
I affirm and encourage others, as I do myself.
I have limitless potential.
I love my body
I practice gratitude for all that I have, and all that is yet to come.
I practice gratitude for all that I have, and all that is yet to come.
I compare myself only to my highest self.
I am open to healing.
I trust the healing process and give myself the time I need to recover.
I honor my body by giving it the rest and care it needs.
My mind and body work in harmony to accelerate my healing.
My bones and tissues are repairing themselves perfectly.
I am optimistic about the future.
I nourish myself with kind words and joyful foods.
I belong here, and I deserve to take up space.
Mistakes are opportunities for learning and growth.
Saying “no” is an act of self-affirmation, too.
I view my body without judgment.
Following my intuition and my heart keeps me safe and sound.
I am a magnet for love; I find it everywhere I go.
I let go of the things that sit achingly out of reach.
Each day is a fresh start.
I am valued and helpful. 
I love myself
When I release shame, I move into myself more beautifully.
I invite art and music into my life.
I do not pretend to be anyone or anything other than who I am.
I give myself permission to release my anxious thoughts.
I deserve fulfilling relationships. 
I’m amazing
I show compassion in helping my loved ones understand my dreams.
It is okay to take things one step at a time.
I acknowledge the fear, but I choose to focus on the strength within me.
My sensitivity is beautiful, and my feelings and emotions are valid.
I choose to be happy and to love myself today
I breathe in healing energy and exhale stress.
My body is beautiful and strong.
I choose what I become
I will allow myself to evolve.
Sometimes the work is resting.
I am fearless
I am exactly where I need to be
I choose to let go of the things that no longer make me happy.
I am good and getting better.
I let go of my anger so I can see clearly.
I support my well-being and self-worth with healthy choices.
I am proof enough of who I am and what I deserve.
I am choosing to focus on things that bring me peace.
I get better every single day
I hold wisdom beyond knowledge.
There is strength in quiet, there is vulnerability in being loud.
I tell the truth about who I am and what I need from others.
I look forward to tomorrow and the opportunities that await me.
I am resilient and capable of overcoming any challenge.
I alone hold the truth of who I am.
I choose to think positively and create a wonderful day.
I am kind to myself in moments of stress, offering self-compassion.
I am strong
There is no rush in figuring out how to move forward with my life.
I add something special to this world
I am proud of who I am becoming.
My heart knows its own way.
I am held and supported by those who love me.
I deserve an affirming touch on my own terms.
I welcome new opportunities into my life.
I have the ability to accomplish anything I want.
I am understood and my perspective is important.
I have compassion for the insecure version of myself.
My self-worth is not determined by my accomplishments.
I love that I love what I love.
I am worthy of love and respect.
I am worthy of love and respect.
I can control how I respond to things that are confronting.
I uplift my joy and the joy of others.
This situation works out for my highest good.
When I feel fear, I feed trust.
Today is going to be a great day
I am not alone in this; I can reach out for support and understanding.
Loving light flows through me, I shine it on those around me.
I make decisions based on a good gut, I make changes based on a growing heart.
I can hold two opposing feelings at once, it means I am processing.
I take care of myself
I know my wisdom guides me to the right decision.
I have the strength to heal and recover fully.
I can overcome any challenge
I welcome what is, I welcome what comes.
Every day, in every way, I am healing and growing stronger.
I am brave
Today I celebrate that I am younger than I’m ever going to be.
Choosing to start over does not mean that I have failed.
I nourish my body with healthy food and positive thoughts.
My life is not a race or competition.
I am worthy of investing in myself.
I am beautiful inside and out
I am optimistic because today is a new day.
I will be present. I will be positive.
I am surrounded by love and support as I heal.
I am worthy of genuine love
I embrace the questions in my heart and welcome the answers in their own time.
The more love I give, the more love I receive.
All my problems have a solution.
All of my problems have solutions
I am at peace with my past and excited for my future.
I am whole, complete & SO lovable.
I am safe and secure
My mind is clear, focused, and free from unnecessary worry.
My past has shaped me into an amazing person
I wake up feeling refreshed and ready to take on the day.
I belong here, and I deserve to take up space. 
I am in charge of how I feel, and I choose happiness.
I am passionate & filled with purpose.
I approach today with confidence and enthusiasm.
I am listening and open to the messages the universe has to offer today.
I let go of worries that drain my energy.
I am capable of balancing ease and effort in my life.
I am grateful for all that I have
I am growing and I am going at my own pace.
When I talk to myself as I would a friend, I see all my best qualities and I allow myself to shine.
I create my own version of happiness every day. 
I am grateful for this experience.
I deserve self-respect and a clean space.
I am committed to my healing and well-being.
I attract success and happiness.
I am growing and learning every day.
I radiate love to all those around me.
I stand up for myself
I welcome abundance into my life.
I follow my dreams no matter what.
I am growing as a person every day
I am capable of achieving what I set my mind to.
I choose to focus on what I can control rather than what I can't.
I am grateful for all that I have.
I am grateful for all that I have.
I am grateful for the progress I make each day.
I grow and improve every day.
I ask for and do meaningful, wonderful and rewarding work.
Today is an opportunity to grow and learn.
I trust myself.  
I embrace my best self today. 
I do not have to linger in dark places; there is help for me here.
I muster up more hope and courage from deep inside me.
I am free of self-doubt
My well-being is a priority, and I am committed to nurturing it.
I hold community for others, and am held in community by others.
I am full of energy and vitality.
I nourish my body
I am doing my best to manage my sadness.
I am capable of figuring this out.
I am aligned with my purpose and passions.
I matter and what I have to offer this world also matters.
I show myself love by nurturing my body.
When I focus on my reason for being, I am infinitely brave.
My dreams are achievable
I trust the journey and embrace the unknown.
I breathe in calmness and breathe out nervousness.
I listen lovingly to this inner conflict and reflect on it until I get to peace around it.
I am willing to take the first step.
I am not my thoughts, I am pure love.
My body is strong, and I recover quickly and completely.
I accept myself entirely with warmth & kindness.
I am healing more and more each day.
I am full of potential
I am worthy of love.
I am open to new experiences and growth.
I am still learning so it’s okay to make mistakes.
I acknowledge my fears, but I do not let them dictate my actions.
I’m proud of how far I have come. 
I am excited to embrace the opportunities today brings.
I trust that I will be able to move past all of this stress
When I forgive myself, I free myself.
I choose peace over the need to have all the answers.
Everything works out for my highest good.
I am grateful for my unique qualities.
I choose happiness
I can do this
I will be present in every moment
I trust that the things that are aligned with me will find me.
Being open with others about feeling sad makes me stronger.
I am in charge of how I feel and I choose to feel happy.
I nurture healthy, constructive thoughts about myself.
I am in the right place, at the right time, doing the right thing. (Louise Hay)
I am happy to be me.
I am smart and intelligent
I am open to building new connections with others.
I am not my feelings, I am pure love.
There is growth in stillness.
I find and create beauty all around me.
I strive for progress, not perfection.
I am strong and resilient.
I release the need to anticipate worst-case scenarios.
I can accomplish this goal.
I am resilient and capable of navigating life's uncertainties.
I am patient and kind to myself during this healing journey.
I am a good steward of what has been entrusted to me.
My body is worthy of being cared for and adorned in beautiful garments.
I am doing the work that works for me.
I am resilient and able to adapt with ease.
I fill my day with hope and face it with joy.
I have the power to change my life
I am safe and surrounded by love and support.
I have the power to build the wealth I desire.
I am courageous and face challenges with ease.
I believe in myself
